(Chirping)
My name is Takeo Goda.
I may not look like it,
but I'm in the tenth grade.
Right after I started high
school, I fell in love...
with a girl named
Ms. Yamato after rescuing her
from some scumbag on the train.
AHH!
You got a problem with
your arm, fella?! Huh?!
Thank... you...
[SUNA]
I better get going.
Oh! Wait, so you're leaving?
But she's fallen
for my friend, Suna.
She seems like a real nice girl.
(Grunt)
And he seems interested
in her, too.
(TWANG)
(Extended grunting)
Takeo...
You always seem to be coming
to my rescue, you know?
So, thank you.
Ohh...
(Light gasp)
(Giggle)
[RINKO, ON PHONE]
I was thinking,
maybe we could meet up
without Sunakawa next time?
(Nervous inhale)
You know...
just the two of us.
And now, she wants to ask me
advice on their relationship.
(Growling)
AGH!
(Screams)
(Barking)
(Owner tries to calm dog)
I can do this!
♪Opening song♪
(Birds chirping)
(Water splashing)
(Footsteps)
Hm?
Oh.
(Chuckle)
Hi, Takeo.
(Harp music)
It's good to see you.
I'm really sorry if I'm late.
[TAKEO]
Actually, you're
five minutes early.
Well that's good. I thought
that I'd made you wait!
Not at all...
Oh wow...
Is it just my imagination...
Or is she even more
gorgeous today?
Uh, Takeo?
Um, yeah?
I was, uh...
thinking you might be getting
tired of the same kinda stuff.
So I baked a cake salé
for you today.
Sal-uh...?
(Twinkling)
Uhh... What are they?
It's not what you think!
It's not sweet, it's salty!
So, when you take a bite,
it'll be kinda salty
instead of sweet!
She said that twice.
Sounds interesting.
(Sharp inhale)
Yummy!
(Light gasp)
Really tasty!
I've never had anything
like this before!
You know, it makes me
pretty happy that you
always like to eat
so much of the
things I make.
(Ravenous chewing)
(Light whimper)
Um, Takeo!
I, uh... uh...
Oh!
I brought some tea today!
The other day, Sunakawa
had to buy us drinks.
That was awfully
considerate.
Yeah that's right!
Suna's VERY considerate.
He's just like that.
And he doesn't even have
a girlfriend or anything.
(Light gasp)
He would never cheat
on anyone either.
He's super-intelligent
and good looking, too.
Just a really great guy, y'know?
[TAKEO]
This is so hard...
Why does my heart have
to do this to me?
And... well, I've known him
since we were three years old,
so you can take my word
for it on this.
He's the real deal!
Oh...?
I mean everybody likes him.
Don't you worry, Ms. Yamato.
I'm not gonna lose it and start
confessing my feelings for you
and make you uncomfortable.
I'm fine with this.
I know that you two are
perfect for each other...
She said "thank you" to me...
We held up that steel
beam together...
And I... I got to eat some
more of her cakes she made.
That's enough.
I can live with that.
After all, I'm the Red Ogre.
I can't be anyone else.
I just want to do whatever
it takes to make her smile...
I want her to be happy.
Another thing about Suna...
(Whimpering)
UGH!
(Sniffling)
HUH?!
Oh... ma... guh?
I-I'm sorry. I-I've got
something in my eye.
My... my contacts
have been acting up.
GAH!
I'm sorry.
I should go now!
(Sobbing)
(Stammering)
[RINKO]
I'm sorry!
GAH!
What just happened?
Why did she start crying?!
WHAT'D I DOOOO?!
(Muffled music)
(Heavy footsteps)
[TAKEO]
DUUUDE!
What'd you do to Ms. Yamato?!
Not a thing.
You lie!
You forgot to tell me
you're coming in.
I met her at the park and
whenever I mentioned your
name she started to cry!
She cried?
(Fuming breaths)
She broke down because
she's fallen in love
with you, you moron!
Uh, too close.
(Dramatic sobbing)
Actually, you're the one
who's the moron here.
Huh?
The girl is in love with
YOU, you numbskull.
Oh, don't even!
She likes YOU!
Nope, she likes you.
Oh, no! It is YOU!
(Sigh)
And why's that?
Because you are so cool!
And you're handsome and
you're smart, too!
Uhh...
(Fuming)
(Squeaky sounds)
Thank you?
But Takeo. You're
pretty cool, too.
And in fact, Yamato even
told me that herself.
Wha...?
(Sigh)
This is getting annoying,
so I'm just gonna come clean.
Uh...?
When we met her by the
fountain at the park
to give her back
her cellphone...
You left to go to
the restroom, right?
Well while you were gone,
she shared a few private
things with me.
(Sigh)
So, uh... Does
your friend...
does he have
a girlfriend?
Oh, of course he does.
That's a stupid question!
He doesn't.
Huh?!
?For real?
Yeah, for real.
Are you... serious?
He's not the type of guy
to hide that.
(Light gasp)
Hm.
I guess it's okay...
for me to like him.
I just... I can't
even help it.
I mean yesterday...
He was so brave and sweet.
(Squeak)
He's kind and cool and I
think I'm falling for him.
She meant you.
Are you even
listening to me?
When you were about to
leave the other day
it was obvious she
didn't want you to go!
You sure?
Yes I am.
[SUNA]
I better get going..
Oh! Wait, so you're leaving?
[TAKEO]
You could see it on her face.
She wanted you to stay!
Probably because she
would've felt nervous
if I left her all
alone with you.
When we're all together,
she only looks at you!
[SUNA]
You're always in her
face, staring at her.
She's afraid to
make eye contact.
Honestly, Takeo.
You really need to work
on being a better judge
of people's character.
Huh?
Sh-she likes ME?
Ms. Yamato likes ME?
No way. Can't be true.
The other day you said
that she's a nice girl.
What did that mean?
She's nice.
When she and I
were together,
all she talked about was
how much she likes you.
Not like all those
other horrible girls
you've been interested in.
Uh!
[SUNA]
All those crushes
of yours in the past
have talked about you
behind your back.
[YUZUHA]
You know Goda?
I think he likes you!
[MAO]
Gross!
[MISAKI]
Look how huge
his head is.
[KAYOMI]
He's like a big
hairy monster.
[SATO]
Does he have to be
so loud and obnoxious!
[GIRL]
I always see him
looking at you, Sato!
He's, like,
seriously creepy!
(All laughing)
[SUNA]
I mean it.
Your taste in girls
has been pretty awful.
OHH! You think so?!
C'mon, Takeo.
Nobody should date a girl
who talks crap about them
to their friends.
UH!
So then, is that why...
He's been rejecting all
those girls this whole time.
Ngh!
Suna, you're a real man!
I'm so sorry I said that
you didn't have balls!
You totally have balls!
Yes, yes, I do.
But still...
I still can't believe that
she could ever have a crush
on a guy like me.
I guess that might be
hard for you to accept
until you could actually
hear it for yourself.
(Knocking)
[SUNA'S MOM]
Excuse me, guys.
[SUNA]
Yeah, Mom?
Um, there's a girl named
Rinko here to see you.
WHA! HRHRHRHRHR!
You gotta hide!
Where? Where?!
Huh?
(Clambering and crashing)
[SUNA]
Dude, really...?
(Door opens)
Just make yourself
at home.
Yes, Ma'am.
Thank you so much.
Hi, Sunakawa.
Good to see ya.
Sorry for just showing up
all of a sudden unannounced.
Have a seat.
Oh, okay...
(Bed squeaks)
Sunakawa, I...
I need to...
(Whimpering)
I totally freaked out
in front of Takeo!
I started crying and now
everything's weird!
Now he's all confused
and frustrated and I
don't know what to do!
(Whimper)
Why where you crying?
For some reason, Takeo kept
making all these suggestions
that I should be
interested in you.
I mean, all he could
talk about was you.
It felt like he was
trying to turn me down
in some roundabout way.
And it... it hurt.
So now what?
You giving up?
Ah!
No, no! I'm not giving up!
I gotta keep trying!
I have to, right? I'll never
meet anyone else like Takeo!
[SUNA]
Yeah. I'd say you're
right about that.
I don't know what to do,
I think I love him!
I really do!
Could you say
that again?
Huh?
Repeat what
you just said.
I said I think
I love him, okay?!
Who again?
I said I think
I'm in love with Takeo!
One more time. I really
wanna understand this.
I am in love with Takeo!
And just to be clear,
let's hear it once more.
I... am in love...
with Takeo!
[SUNA]
Welp. You heard her.
Huh?
Come on. Now it's your turn.
What's that?
Dude, come out.
(Ominous rumbling)
(SLAM)
Ah! Ahh!
Huh?! What's
going on?!
Sunakawa! I can't believe
you just did that!
This big lug-head
wasn't getting it.
He had to hear it from you.
(THUMP)
(Light gasp)
(Light grunt)
I... I've liked you
since the day we first met!
And I've liked you
since we first met!
Ohh!
(Bubbly twinkling)
Hmm...
(TOOT)
(Dog barking)
(Chirping)
(Comical honk)
[SUNA]
Um...
It's from Ms. Yamato
to say thank you.
I seriously cannot thank
you enough, Sunakawa!
You're more than welcome.
Oh, y'know what?
I have this one friend
who's a really nice girl.
I've got a
picture of her.
Please do not make any attempts
to share the love with me.
Suna! Don't say
such sad things!
I'm not sad, Takeo.
Suna...
I enjoy seeing you two happy.
It kinda feels good.
Oh...
Uh!
Suna... I can't believe that
you really are the blue ogre!
Where'd that
come from?
That play we did
in kindergarten!
You were the Blue Ogre,
and I was the Red one!
Your performance made
everyone in the audience
cry like little babies!
I don't remember.
Well, I remember!
Oh yeah, you
mentioned that before.
What was it about?
Well...
Once upon a time,
deep in the mountains,
there was a kind-hearted red
ogre who lived there all alone.
The ogre only had but one wish:
To be friends with
the humans....
However, the humans
were afraid of him,
and chose to keep
their distance.
One day, his friend, the blue
ogre, came to him with an idea.
He said, "I am going
to attack that village.
And when I do, you can take me
down and save the day.
That way, the humans will
finally change how they see you.
And then, you can be friends."
And so, the blue ogre
went to the village
and wreaked as much havoc
as he could without harming
the humans.
The red ogre pretended to
stop him and beat him up.
Then, the blue ogre
hopped up and scurried away.
(TOOT TOOT)
From that day forward,
the villagers completely
trusted the red ogre
and came to visit him often.
And in turn, the red ogre,
who now had many friends,
led a very happy life.
After some time,
the red ogre became concerned
about his blue companion,
whom he hadn't seen since
the day of their ruse.
So, he decided to pay
his old friend a visit.
Over the mountains
and through the valleys,
the red ogre finally arrived
at the blue ogre's home...
But the blue ogre wasn't there.
He left behind a letter.
He had embarked upon a journey.
It read: "At last you've
made friends with the humans."
"But sadly, if you are seen with
me,
their trust will be broken
and they'll be your friends
no more."
The blue ogre was gone.
Vanished without a trace.
Oh... So sad!
Yeah! Isn't it touching?!
He was so selfless
and wonderful!
Mm-hmm! I can't believe he gave
up so much for his best friend!
It breaks my heart!
Yeah, right?!
The blue ogre is a saint!
Uh-huh!
So much integrity!
Yeah!
Just like Suna!
Yes!
[Both]
Uh-huh! Uh-huh!
Calm down. That's what any
normal person would do.
(Gasp)
Um... I mean the two of
them were friends, right?
They were best friends.
Uh!
And, well, everyone likes to see
their friends happy, don't they?
Isn't that what friends do?
(Both gasp)
It's not a big deal.
Mph...
Suna...
Suna!
(Giggle)
(Muffled grunt)
He's been looking out
for me this whole time.
[SUNA]
Dude... Can't...
breathe... Dude!
Our whole lives...
(Extended comedic crying)
Since we were kids...
It's nice. It's almost
like you two are brothers.
Like brothers, huh?
I guess so.
People have always wondered how
the two of us could be friends.
And well...
There's a lot more to it
than just being neighbors.
(Leaves rustling)
♪Closing song♪
(Chomping)
Oh man! These are
really good, too!
I'm glad to hear it!
(Happy grunting)
Here, have some tea.
Hm!
Ah!
What in God's name
are these called?
Oh, um, let's see... ,/
They're called madeleines.
Oh yeah? I like Madeleines.
Hm...
(DOING)
We should go to the park!
'Kay. Sounds good.
(Charging and laughing)
HA-HA!
Yo, Suna, check this out!
Transfor-
AHH!
Ughh...
See that? Pretty
awesome trick, right?
(Karate sounds)
(Chuckle)
(DOING)
Dude. Man, I keep falling
into the same hole.
Maybe you need
to jump over it.
(Video game sounds)
(CLINK)
Y'know, that Takeo kid?
He's quite the
space invader.
Really gets
in your face.
(Muffled agreement)
(Doorbell rings)
[BOTH]
Huh?
(DOING)
Uhh...
Back up.
Oh yeah, like this?
(Laughing)
Ugh...
What's the matter?
What happened? I do something
funny or somethin'?
No, No.
No, it's nothing.
(Chuckling)
Sorry, pee-pee break!
Okay!
Sometimes, Takeo gets so close
to me, I don't know what to do.
It makes my heart
start pounding!
Yeah, he...
He's always done that...
Oh!
[SUNA]
...and it's
still hilarious.
(Footsteps)
Huh?
Uh...?
Hmm? What's the deal?
(Both laughing)
[TAKEO]
Hm? Hm? Hm?
(Squealing)
Hmhmhmhm...
Don't worry. It's nothing.
[RINKO]
Next episode:
My Boyfriend.